[Music] what just
occurred to me is that supposedly
on Spanish television this is a
thing look at you people are
criticizing Oh but how come there are other
women who represent better than now
we will deal with that no but let's see the
other day when we were talking about the
subject of marjiró the factories of television I do
n't know what the problem was not that
supposedly in a public entity There cannot be
labor relations with someone
who is accused of a crime Of course no no it can't
Lucio Carrasco is not here right now She
is not accused the word
this issue that they are asking for a year she
is not accused or
the trial is pending No I mean
the prosecutor's office is asking for a year in
prison no but if that were the case
Iván would have clarified it no Ivan has not spoken
about this no Or no
In fact he hasn't said I just realized right
now talking to you when I
was watching it that it's like Well yes
supposedly with a public entity on
Spanish television There cannot be anyone who is Of
course no you are not going to see you are not going to
see the me anymore on Spanish television
never ever
in an interview  you understand me, let's go
Wait, I'll ask my
friend who works there, let's go wait,
but she wouldn't be, she's not accused, it's not
the word charged Because if she has
a pending trial right now, she is
accused, another thing is that she is found
innocent or not innocent, but
right now, yes, they are asking for a year, no,
now, it's that she escapes me What is the
oral trial is pending,
so would she be accused or
investigated or whatever, but come on, it doesn't matter, I mean, she
shouldn't be there, it's not that I don't
know, but you know what happens, I repeat, in
this case, even though it is a public entity,
the contract is per production company. It's that the
people are what I was explaining to you before, it's not the
same, it's that I do
n't know how to explain these
production companies, this is a magazine, it's not, let's
see how I can explain the difference, as I was
explaining to you before, there is the
informative part, on the one hand, there it
is only in-house workers, and
then there are the magazines, to which some
are external to production companies, like in this
case, which I don't know. What are the
clauses? I think it is a
subcontracting, that is, it is external, the
contract is per production company. So it
is  external the hiring I don't know if the
contract is not with the network it's not with the
house but with the producer you know what I
want to tell you that I don't know if it changes there is
or not it changes you understand I don't know it's that
already I don't know but it doesn't make
much sense well we see what we see what
Ivan has said come on I think the
first thing is that thank you
Paola listen to the program
do some performance and I think that your
Instagram is going to make some reference to
Ello there is one thing when she decided to make
a tribute she was a great
working woman because already working never
So I still
as a great working woman
I love throwing there a small
extract and and the meaning is the same of
these two years but but no you have not
impacted it enough on other television
to continue no me what I think that
here who has a serious problem is the
board of directors of radio
television Spanish Total that they are
informed of the judicial resolution I
think they are informed of everything that
is not true and of all the issues and
for these purposes when we return to the same
old thing no you Here there are different
jurisdictions the civil against honor
and then there is the criminal jurisdiction there is
the responsibility it is of who
intervenes  but there are also the
responsibilities of producers,
presenters and members of the Board of
Directors if a member of the Board
of Directors knowingly permits
unlawful conduct, they have a
responsibility and they have a
responsibility in court. In this
case, the responsibility is double because
we are in a public network, a
public network that must ensure the
information is true and you'll see, and must reveal
in order to respect judicial decisions. It
would be Spanish television who
became another judge or
supreme court, it is in their hands to do what they have to
do, but of course, everyone
has a responsibility, a
Clear responsibility, and when
the facts are known and despite them, they
enter, Well, the
appropriate responsibilities will have to be faced. Bravo,
buah, it's that he hasn't been able to explain it and they're
going better, it's that there's not much to
add here, it's that you take it and you're going to
see it. You are going to broadcast the program, above the
first clips promoting the program, we
see that he responds, it
goes in the same direction, in the
same tone as the whole issue. Hey, look, so
that you know before broadcasting it that the
resolution is actually like that, Asa, and that
this was dismissed for this  This is why they
know perfectly well
when you this let's see if if you have
sent a burof
that leaves proof that you before
the program is broadcast you have already made
known some real information of How the
matter is judicially speaking Then if they have
messed up tonight I don't know
if we will see it today or tomorrow But if they have
messed up tonight
and something has to be sued the lawsuit
has much more weight because they have done it
with reckless
lack of reality, I mean because they have already
warned you, you already have the information that
follows Yes but it seems Totally
agree but it seems unbelievable that
at this point after what
all this has meant on a social level
for two years to a
public television and a program like this, they have to be
warned I mean what he
has done is very good obviously I applaud him
with my ears But
of course inside he looks very handsome
with the haircut eh I have seen
that he has cut his hair how nice
but of course as we still have things to see
from the program We do not know how far
this lady went today that they will be with
the clips no longer let's see  if Paola tells me
something what yes Now that I've seen is
Jesús Manuel I just remembered that
a few days ago well A few days ago
when I was in the snow Javi told me
give your followers two
double tickets that is
two tickets for one person and their
partner that is two double tickets
Yeah well accompanying partner that is four
tickets in total two and two to your
followers and I forgot to tell you
anything with all the ones we had after I
forgot So I'm not going to
stop raffling it off I'm not
going to ask for super chat and member or anything like that
we're going to do something those of you who
are in Madrid or want to go to
Madrid this weekend on the 11th at
5 in the afternoon at the Arlequín theater
to see Jesús Manuel I
saw the time and I had a great time I
saw it too eh He invited me
were you Well
they went through my Instagram and you send me
some messages Hey Javi I want to go
with my husband and the two that you pick at
random I'll give them the tickets okay
talk to me on Instagram Hey Javi  that I
want to go with my husband and that's it and I
give it to the salt without a draw or anything
at random I'm not your husband you
're already reintegrating Of course of
course let's see little by little little this
takes an adaptation process because
a week without this is very hard you know it's
hard it's hard it's hard you lose that
Even a long weekend you see that I don't
disconnect eh I'm going to the snow and I
'm and bread and these people have gone
into the bathroom they're taking a shower I'm going to get some
but rice you have to see the Marina I
loved those from the marina I
loved them they were my favorites I
also like
[Music]